# seHomework
----------------
     Shanbay Words or Scallop in Shell Words is an application help with users’ English, especially vocabulary. 
     
     Each word has its pronunciation (American or British) and example sentences. The users can set up a goal, like remember 50 words each day or 100 words a day, among the 50 or 100 words, the number of new words can also be decided by themselves. In order to urge users to recite words every day , Shanbay set up a sign-in system, that is, after finished their words, sentences and reading task, users  still need to “sign in”(vocabulary test or review the words of that day ),then share the results in Sina, QQ, WeChat ect. They will get reward called “shells”, which can be used buying reading materials or extension uses. After a 7-day’s or even 15-day’s sign-in, they will get extra rewards, which forms a virtuous circle, and all the data is collected to make into a vivid graph . When user see his path goes right and up ,he will be encouraged to learn more .
     
     Shanbay Words is also a communication platform for all the users. When they point at “notes ” section, they can use shared notes which written by others freely, learn from other people's experiences. The users can also join a group, where they have the same goal (IELTS, TOEFL ect.), then they feel that they are not alone, and the members can supervise each other, stick to the words every day. 
     
      Is that all? Absolutely not, to make sure users can remember the words and won’t forget them immediately, it offers the users with Spaced Repetition. It is a method basing on the forgetting curve, timely review the words when predicting the user is about to forget them. And Adaptive Learning, according to the user's level and test results, adjust the learning materials and learning methods flexibly, to achieve the purpose step by step. The study material is chosen by users themselves and they can add new words by themselves too .And Data Driven Learning, using all links between words as a clue, recommends new words based on the learned ones. Tell users the association between these words and during the learning process, learn the new by restudying the old.
      
     But Shanbay has its limits too .First , too many need-to-paid things. You want to know some cognate words? Pay for the root dictionary. A vivid picture helps to remember the word? Pay for them. Even the syllable division needs to paid. Second, the system can’t recognize of some words’ other forms, when you look up terms “day’s ”, “I’ve ” ect. the result is “Not found”. Third, sometimes the Chinese explanations don’t accord with the example sentence. For me, the most inconvenient thing is some words can’t be looked up. As compared to other translator application, it can’t update new words in time. And the words don’t have past tense, past participle, plural form or singular form. I hope these bugs can be solved in the near future.

